Good morning, Jacob. It's Monday, March thirtieth, twenty twenty-six. Six
A-M in Jefferson City, eighty-seven degrees on the way, and
I hope you're sitting down because we have a lot
to get through. Let's start with your day. Ben arrives
today to help with the carpet install, which happens tomorrow
morning at nine. Payday is also tomorrow. It's eighty-seven and
sunny in Jeff City, which means your condo is going
to be a sauna for the carpet guys. Sixty-four tonight.
Over in Tacoma, Katelyn gets a rare sunny day at
forty-nine degrees. Spring is arriving in the Pacific Northwest about
six weeks behind Missouri's aggressive schedule. Your week is loaded.
Wednesday: Apple turns fifty, Q-two starts, and Karen announces her
retirement at eleven A-M. Thursday is the big one. Anthropic
pilot discussion at nine A-M, Bill Review Training at two
P-M, dinner with Alex, Chris, and Dustin at six, and
the government's appeal deadline on Judge Lin's Anthropic ruling. That's
four major events in one day. Now for your texts.
Katelyn was up late last night. She took Risotto to
a dog park, debated whether that bird was a turkey
vulture or an eagle, continued developing the crow feeder's formal
doctrine — commandment two is apparently "couches are for dogs,
people should sit on the floor" — and made chili
for meal prep but forgot the seasoning packet. Update as
of midnight: it turned out fine. Quote, "maybe a little
less flavorful but decent." The seasoning crisis has been resolved.
Dustin dropped some big news. He's going to Europe for
the first time. May eighth through the twenty-first. Five countries
in thirteen days: Amsterdam, Brussels, Ghent, Paris, Berlin, Lagos Portugal,
Faro, and Rome. He's joining someone for the last two
weeks of their trip and he's, quote, "extremely excited." He
also ordered the AirPods Max two in Midnight Black. Alex
corrected everyone that there is no black in Apple's vocabulary,
only Midnight. This is apparently a hill worth dying on.
Alex hinted at needing to buy all of Apple's new
home stuff this year. Something's going on with someone named
Shayla, and when Jacob asked, Alex deflected with "why do
you know anything?" and then "Dustin?" — suggesting Dustin may
have spilled something he shouldn't have. Chris Hornsey sent a
small-town traffic report meme: "Well Greg, westbound on West Main,
we got a little church traffic backing up the road
almost to the cemetery." He then apologized for the joke
since none of you grew up in a major metro
area. Peak Chris energy. Now, the news. Here's what's happening
locally first. The D-H-S shutdown is on day forty-five, but
T-S-A workers should start seeing paychecks today. Trump signed a
presidential memorandum redirecting funds. The legal authority is contested, but
the money is moving. Five hundred officers have quit permanently.
Congress is still on recess. On to the quick status
board. The Iran war is on day thirty-one. Trump told
the Financial Times he might, quote, "take the oil" and
seize Kharg Island. The Wall Street Journal reports he's considering
a military operation to grab a thousand pounds of enriched
uranium. There are now fifty thousand U-S troops in the
Middle East. Brent crude hit one-sixteen. The coal industry is
surging — Australian miner Yancoal is up forty percent since
the war started. Japan and South Korea are reactivating old
coal plants. G-seven ministers are holding emergency talks today. Pakistan
has emerged as a surprise mediator, hosting Egyptian, Saudi, and
Turkish foreign ministers for peace talks. Thirteen U-S service members
have been killed and nearly three hundred wounded since February
twenty-eighth. The Anthropic versus Pentagon case: Judge Lin's injunction holds.
The government has until Thursday to appeal to the Ninth
Circuit. That's the same day as your pilot meeting. If
they don't appeal, Anthropic's government business normalizes. All three watchlist
roles are still posted: Anthropic Institute Analyst, Communications Manager, and
Geopolitics Analyst. Now for the deep dives. The biggest business
story today is SpaceX preparing the largest I-P-O in history.
Seventy-five billion dollars at a one-point-seven-five trillion dollar valuation. That's
more than the entire U-S I-P-O market raised in twenty
twenty-four and twenty twenty-five combined. Musk recently merged X-A-I into
SpaceX, all eleven X-A-I co-founders have left, and the unit
is hemorrhaging money. But Polymarket gives it an eighty-nine-point-five percent
chance of being the biggest I-P-O of the year. In
tech and A-I news: Anthropic's Claude Mythos leak continues to
reverberate. Axios reports the company is privately warning government officials
that the model, quote, "presages an upcoming wave of models
that can exploit vulnerabilities in ways that far outpace the
efforts of defenders." Cybersecurity stocks remain depressed. The New Stack
called March twenty twenty-six "Anthropic's madcap March: fourteen-plus launches, five
outages, and an accidental leak." The F-T-C chairman compared media
companies demanding payment for A-I training data to "rent-seeking" and
"collecting tolls." This is the Trump administration giving A-I companies
a green light to train on news content. Billions are
at stake in the New York Times and News Corp
lawsuits. N-A-S-A's Artemis crew entered quarantine ahead of a potential
Wednesday launch — the first crewed trip around the moon
since nineteen seventy-two. They've expanded plans to include a permanent
moon base within seven years. For jobs, the City of
Seattle Economics and Revenue Analyst is now on day thirteen.
Government postings typically close at fourteen to twenty-one days. If
you're applying, this is your last window. A new Senior
Budget Analyst role at Seattle Colleges popped up — lower
salary but squarely in your wheelhouse. March Madness update: UConn
pulled off a nineteen-point comeback against number-one Duke. Braylon Mullins
hit a game-winning three with zero-point-four seconds left. The Final
Four is Saturday: UConn versus Illinois, Michigan versus Arizona. And
here's the close. Elon Musk decided that running Tesla, SpaceX,
X, X-A-I, and the federal government's efficiency department wasn't enough,
so he merged three of them into one company and
is now selling it for one-point-seven-five trillion dollars. Which is
the financial equivalent of dumping all your leftovers into one
Tupperware and calling it a casserole. Trump says he might
take Iran's oil, the coal industry is having its comeback
tour, N-A-S-A is going to the moon, and Dustin is
going to Europe for the first time — visiting five
countries in thirteen days with someone he hasn't seen since
January. Katelyn made chili without seasoning and it turned out
"fine," which is the culinary equivalent of "it's not you,
it's me." Ben arrives today. Carpet tomorrow. Payday tomorrow. Pilot
meeting Thursday. And somewhere in a Ninth Circuit clerk's office,
a government attorney is deciding whether to appeal an injunction
on the same day you'll be making the case for
Claude at your own workplace. Happy Monday, Jacob. It's eighty-seven
degrees. Hydrate.